% 2015
%
% January 2nd, 2015

It's that time of year when I start thinking about what I want to accomplish over the next year.

I'm already a date late with this blog post, but I feel that is okay.

I've been thinking of a few goals for 2015 that I'd like to accomplish and I hope that I can circle back around this time next year for a retrospective blog post.

+ Spend more time with my wife
+ Get out of debt
+ Make a budget
+ Go to the gym that I pay for
+ Have a regular sleep schedule
+ Write more
+ Read more

-------------

# Spend more time with my wife

I've always been one that loves to work. Sometimes it consumes my life and I don't even realize it.

I'd like to spend more time with my wife in 2015 without a computer or phone in front of my face. We live in one of the most beautiful and interesting areas of the United States and we rarely get out to enjoy it.

# Get out of debt

I racked up about $10k in credit card debt when I was a teenager and I've slowly been paying it down for the past few years (minimum payment).

I'd like to get this taken care of in 2015 so that I don't have to worry about it anymore.

Since the debt is on a few different cards, maybe I should do a balance transfer so that I can get them onto one card with one interest rate.

For sake of transparency, I'll put the total here and see where I stand throughout the year: **$10,394.06**.

# Make a Budget

I moved out on my own at 18 and was lucky enough to have a well paying job. Living in an extremely expensive city like San Francisco has made it hard to save and pay off existing debts that I currently have.

I'm by no means struggling, I'm just not organizing my spending in ways that are going to benefit me in the long run.

I'd like to come up with a budget and stick to it.

# Go to the gym that I pay for

I currently pay ~$49/month for a gym membership at FitnessSF and I've never stepped foot in the door. I've never actually been to a gym before and that's something that I'd like to change in 2015.

# Have a regular sleep schedule

I don't have a regular sleep schedule. I'd like to get that taken care of in 2015 as well. Maybe implement a "no technology" (other than the TV or Kindle Paperwhite) after 11PM unless I'm on-call or something.

I'd like to start getting up at a predictable time as well.

I'm currently in NC right now, but when I get back to SF I'd like to start getting up at 8AM on weekdays.

# Write more

I love writing although I'm not very good at it. I'd like to start writing more in 2015 and I think I have my website setup to do this easily now without a lot of hassle.

# Read more

I have a ton of technical books that I want to read but I always read them on my laptop or iPad which isn't ideal. I'd like to get a Kindle this year.

A couple of books I would like to finish:

+ Code Complete
+ Clean Code
+ The Clean Coder
+ The Mythical Man-Month
